Filename: gaming.jpg
Explanation of your color choices: I chose a red based monochromatic palette because it is one of the RGB colors.
In gaming products, color has to have a sense of dominance and power. So the color has to be pure and strong. 
It cannot be toned down, tinted down, or shaded down. In my opinion, the only option for a strong gaming product
color would be either red, green, or blue. The reason why I chose red is because that red gives us the most feeling 
of "evilness". Generally, in many games, especially competitve popular games, enemies are quite powerful and takes
quite a lot of work to defeat. So having the sense of evilness adds another dimension of power to the color.
Simply put, red is the most "badass" color.

Filename: organic.jpg
Explanation of your color choices: I chose shades of color based on a green and yellow. Most would have picked a color
of straight green. However, for a website that sells the green organic products, the main attention of green should be
going to the products themselves, not the colors of the website. If the color of the website and the green products share
similar shades of green, everything would look blend because they will be all green. Instead I chose a color palette
attempting to compliment the greens by giving it a more of a duller color. Tinted down, "watered-down" color of a green
will work well with a strong vibrant color of organic green products.

Filename: banking.jpg
Explanation of your color choices: I chose a complementary color palette based cooler and metalic color. The first thing
that comes to my mind when thinking of a bank would be "serious" and professional. No color here should jump out for 
being fancy here. All the color has to be toned down and be "boring". If the colors were more fancy and popping, it will 
look more entertaining than serious. Tinted down versions of blue has the least amount of characteristic comparing to
green, yellow, red, etc. And the gray color is the definition of dullness and no personality. 

Filename: child.jpg
Explanation of your color choices: This was the msot challenging for me. I chose a triadic color palettes trying to focus
on variety. Childrens like colorful and joyful look. Opposite from a banking website, the color should be entertaining
and not boring. However, this is a website offering GAMES for children. In the world of children plays, gaming is the 
most mature form of activity as it requires the child to think. So assuming the child is old enough to process the rules
of the game, I am also assuming that the child is more mature. So, I tried to tone down the color just a little to appeal 
more to the "mature" children as even they think flashy, overly bright colors are "childish". So this palette offers a
colorful palette that appeals to children while even having a duller color to appeal for the mature children.